---
layout: post
title:  "Open Letter from the Captains"
date:   2015-03-22 20:30:00
author: Katherine Zimmermann
---

We are thrilled to be elected captains of Bird Mixed Ultimate for the 2015 season! The three of us are dedicated to rejuvenating this team through team first mentality, communication, and hard work. We are confident that this is going to be the best season yet!

<!--more-->
 
<h4>Reflections from 2014</h4>

2014 was growing season for Bird.  We created our own goofy personality and culture.  We had a fantastic time traveling to and playing in the Colorado Cup. We had some great wins and brought game against CLX to universe at Regionals, finishing 4th in our region.    

<h4>Vision for the 2015 Season</h4>

Looking forward we are incredibly excited for the 2015 club season.  The most important thing we as captains can do this season is foster a democratic environment by listening to teammates' ideas and incorporating them into the fabric of our on-field play.  Below is the vision crafted by the team for the 2015 season:

1. __Bird will be a democratic team.__ With that we recognize that democracy can be messy, but we believe that the more voices involved in the decisions that this team makes the stronger this team will be.

1. __We strive for equality among genders.__ Mixed Ultimate is one of the most unique sports in that men and women have equal power on and off the field. We strive to contradict the social norms present in modern society.

1. __Bird will be a team first team.__ Every voice on this team is important. Along with that recognition, we will make sure to have each others backs before anything else.

1. __Bird encourages mistakes.__ We will encourage getting messy, making mistakes, and learning to work together within systems to become  the best team we possibly can.

1. __Bird builds individuals.__ We will dedicate time and resources to developing players as individuals.

<h4>Gender: the Mixed Ultimate Way</h4>

We would like to take a moment to recognize the importance of gender in mixed ultimate. Bird recognizes that the most elite teams are the best at incorporating their men and women players into a cohesive unit. To accomplish this the most important thing is fostering mutual respect through intentional decision making. As one of the few mixed teams with two female captains in the Midwest we believe we exemplify intentionality when it comes to gender equity. We look forward to being a socially progressive team throughout this season.

<h4>Looking Forward</h4>

Bird has a new focus this season on fostering a great mixed ultimate community here in the Twin Cities and bringing more awareness outside the community to mixed ultimate.  We also want to be a team that people enjoy playing. Our goal for this season is to be a team that learns and takes care of each other.  We have a strong core of returners on our roster that gives us a great platform to continue building on.  

We are incredibly excited for the 2015 season!  Winning is a large part of why we choose to compete at this level and this will not be different for the upcoming year. Our renewed focus on the individuals of this team balances our competitive nature with our passion for our teammates, people we call our closest friends and hope to continue growing to know and love. 

Lots of love, 

KZ, Sauce, #33