---
layout:   post
title:    "Minneapolis Mixed Combined Tryouts"
date:     2015-04-17 17:00:00
author:   Katherine Zimmermann
readtime: 2
cover:    tryout
---

The Bird captains are excited to announce our tryout schedule for the 2015 season. This year we will be partnering with our friends, [Drag'n Thrust](http://www.dragnthrust.com/), to put on the first ever Minneapolis Mixed Combined Tryouts.

If you are thinking about trying out for either team, please fill out our [Tryout Interest Form](http://goo.gl/forms/ZpN4j1vNZC).

<!--more-->

__Combined open tryout dates with Drag'n:__<br/>
Wednesday, May 6th - 6pm to 8pm<br/>
Wednesday, May 13th - 6pm to 8pm<br/>
Sunday, May 17th - 6pm to 8pm

__Where are tryouts?__<br/>
Upper Field Area<br/>
St. Paul Academy and Summit School<br/>
1712 Randolph Ave<br/>
St. Paul, MN 55105

__Where should you park?__<br/>
Either A. park in the Tennis Ct/Drake or B. park on the street of Davern/Hartford, but you must park on the school side of the street. No parking on the neighborhood side of the street. 

__What Happens After Open Tryouts?__<br/>
Bird will have closed, invite-only tryouts on the following dates:<br/>
Saturday, May 30th 9-11 am<br/>
Monday, June 1st from 6-8pm <br/>
Upper Field Area @ SPA

__Contact Info__<br/>
If you have any questions about Bird Ultimate or Combined Mixed Tryouts shoot KZ, Jill & Nihal an email at [birdcaptains@gmail.com](mailto:birdcaptains@gmail.com).

__Anything else you need to know?__<br/>
Please bring your respect for the rental fields at SPA.  Leave your dogs (and puppies), peanuts, alcohol, tobacco, and drugs at home and use the available restrooms not the fields/surrounding neighborhood yards.