---
layout:   post
title:    "Minneapolis Mixed Combined Tryouts"
date:     2016-05-02 21:21:00
author:   "Becca Morales"
readtime: 2
cover:    "tryout"
---

Bird’s dreams are finally coming true -- we’re two weeks from seeing all of Minnesota’s competitive mixed ultimate scene in one place. We’re excited to partner with Drag’n Thrust for our second year of combined tryouts, and we’re pumped to add Minnesota Star Power to the mix. 

<!--more-->

Check out the tryout info below if you might like to join us, Drag’n, or Bird this season. A survey and $10 gets you at least four hours of top-tier competition and serious consideration of those sweet skills you’ve been talking about.

If you are thinking about trying out please fill out our [Tryout Interest Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/16Qlc8nDKOxz5dfvupCc0GN8tZax3Gd6_o2OKhaNFLsU/viewform).

__Combined Open Tryouts:__<br/>
Wednesday, May 11th – 7pm to 9pm @ [North View Middle School](https://www.google.com/maps/place/North+View+Jr.+High+an+IB+World+School/@45.0789347,-93.356567,17z/data=!4m7!1m4!3m3!1s0x52b33734cb1169e1:0xad2b9e0bc2448049!2s5869+69th+Ave+N,+Minneapolis,+MN+55429!3b1!3m1!1s0x52b33734cb1169e1:0xbbe80839bed3b906)<br/>
Sunday, May 15th – 7pm to 9pm @ North View Middle School

__Combined Closed Tryouts (Invite Only):__<br/>
Wednesday, May 18th – 6pm to 8pm @ North View Middle School

__Bird Closed Tryouts (Invite Only):__<br/>
Saturday, May 21st – 9:30am to 11:30am @ [St. Paul Academy](https://www.google.com/maps/place/St.+Paul+Academy+and+Summit+School/@44.9261416,-93.1759864,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x87f62a291d6ebad9:0xb28ca1e95e10877)<br/>
Monday, May 23rd – 6pm to 8pm @ St. Paul Academy

__Contact Info__<br/>
If you have any questions about Bird Ultimate or Combined Mixed Tryouts shoot Becca, Bvon, Gordy, and Jill an email at [birdcaptains@gmail.com](mailto:birdcaptains@gmail.com).

__Field Info__<br/>
Both fields are rented from the school, so please be respectful. We will have portable restrooms, but no access to the school, so please plan ahead when packing food and water. Please park in the parking lots at both locations. No dogs are allowed at SPA fields.